Move repo size limitations to Hub docs (#1660)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/en/guides/upload.md

There are some limitations to be aware of when dealing with a large amount of data in your repo. Given the time it takes to stream the data,
getting an upload/push to fail at the end of the process or encountering a degraded experience, be it on hf.co or when working locally, can be very annoying.

> Check out our [recommendations](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/repositories-recommendations) to learn more about the best practices on how to structure your repositories on the Hub. Once you have in mind the technical aspects you must consider, let's move one with some practical tips to make your upload process as smooth as possible.

Reviewer: I think specifying the name of the guide makes it clearer what to expect for users when they click on it

```suggestion
Check out our [Repository limitations and recommendations](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/repositories-recommendations) guide for best practices on how to structure your repositories on the Hub. Next, let's move on with some practical tips to make your upload process as smooth as possible.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, as always :heart:
